Refactor e2e tests (#1180)
ava-labs/avalanche-docs: docs/subnets/hello-world-precompile-tutorial.md

```go
// Configure configures [state] with the initial configuration.
func (c *HelloWorldConfig) Configure(_ ChainConfig, state StateDB, _ BlockContext) {

> 	// This will be called in the first block where HelloWorld stateful precompile is enabled.

Reviewer: Why did we remove the CUSTOM CODE STARTS HERE?

Author: Since this is the code they will copy and paste, I thought it should look like the intended final result and wanted the `CUSTOM CODE STARTS HERE` to be removed from the final result.

Reviewer: Oh gotcha makes sense

Please note that this contract is simply a wrapper and is calling the precompile functions.

> 

Reviewer: We need to modify Step 6 to reflect the new name changes to the test files.

### Step 7: Building AvalancheGo and Subnet-EVM

Before we start testing, we will need to build the AvalancheGo binary and the custom Subnet-EVM binary.

You should have cloned [AvalancheGo](https://github.com/ava-labs/avalanchego) within your `$GOPATH` in
the [Prerequisites](#prerequisites) section, so you can build AvalancheGo with the following command:

> 

Reviewer: Nice linking the prereqs section

```bash
cd $GOPATH/src/github.com/ava-labs/avalanchego
./scripts/build.sh
```

Once you've built AvalancheGo, you can confirm that it was successful by printing the version:

```bash
./build/avalanchego --version
```

This should print something like the following (if you are running AvalancheGo v1.9.7):

```bash
avalanche/1.9.7 [database=v1.4.5, rpcchainvm=22, commit=3e3e40f2f4658183d999807b724245023a13f5dc]
```

> 

Reviewer: Thanks for adding the versioning command. It would be really useful to have a note saying the client and plugin versions must be the same for the local network

Author: Will add this, we should also add the rpcchainvm version to the output of the Subnet-EVM version command.

Author: https://github.com/ava-labs/subnet-evm/pull/463

Once we've built AvalancheGo, we can navigate back to the Subnet-EVM repo and build the Subnet-EVM binary:

```bash
cd $GOPATH/src/github.com/ava-labs/subnet-evm
./scripts/build.sh
```

This will build the Subnet-EVM binary and place it in AvalancheGo's `build/plugins` directory by default
at the file path:

`$GOPATH/src/github.com/ava-labs/avalanchego/build/plugins/srEXiWaHuhNyGwPUi444Tu47ZEDwxTWrbQiuD7FmgSAQ6X7Dy`

The `build/plugins` directory will later be used as the `AVALANCHEGO_PLUGIN_PATH`.

> 

Reviewer: Can we have a similar explanation for the Avalanchego binary and its  final location

Author: Will do

Please note that this contract is simply a wrapper and is calling the precompile functions.

### Step 7: Building AvalancheGo and Subnet-EVM

Before we start testing, we will need to build the AvalancheGo binary and the custom Subnet-EVM binary.

You should have cloned [AvalancheGo](https://github.com/ava-labs/avalanchego) within your `$GOPATH` in the [Prerequisites](#prerequisites) section, so you can build AvalancheGo with the following command:

```bash
cd $GOPATH/src/github.com/ava-labs/avalanchego
./scripts/build.sh
```

Once you've built AvalancheGo, you can confirm that it was successful by printing the version:

```bash
./build/avalanchego --version
```

This should print something like the following (if you are running AvalancheGo v1.9.7):

> ```

Author: specify bash

avalanche/1.9.7 [database=v1.4.5, rpcchainvm=22, commit=3e3e40f2f4658183d999807b724245023a13f5dc]
```

Once we've built AvalancheGo, we can navigate back to the Subnet-EVM repo and build the Subnet-EVM binary:

```bash
cd $GOPATH/src/github.com/ava-labs/subnet-evm
./scripts/build.sh
```

> This will build the Subnet-EVM binary and place it in AvalancheGo's `build/plugins` directory by default at the filepath:

Reviewer 2: Either change `filepath` to `file path` or add `filepath` to `.github/styles/Vocab/Products/accept.txt`

yarn
```

#### Step 8.2: Add Genesis

> To run our HardHat test, we will need to create a Subnet that has the Hello World precompile activated,

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
To run our HardHat test, we will need to create a Subnet that has the `Hello World` precompile activated,
```

yarn
```

#### Step 8.2: Add Genesis

> To run our HardHat test, we will need to create a Subnet that has the Hello World precompile activated, so we will copy and paste the below genesis file into: `./tests/precompile/genesis/hello_world.json`.

Reviewer 2: The line length is too large here. Break across multiple lines.

  2 passing (4s)

  < Exit [It] hello world - /Users/aaronbuchwald/go/src/github.com/ava-labs/subnet-evm/tests/precompile/solidity/suites.go:64 @ 01/27/23 10:34:17.484 (11.48s)
• [11.480 seconds]
------------------------------
```

Finally, you will see the load test being skipped as well:

```bash
Running Suite: subnet-evm small load simulator test suite - /Users/aaronbuchwald/go/src/github.com/ava-labs/subnet-evm
======================================================================================================================
Random Seed: 1674833658

Will run 0 of 1 specs
S [SKIPPED]
[Load Simulator]
/Users/aaronbuchwald/go/src/github.com/ava-labs/subnet-evm/tests/load/load_test.go:49
  basic subnet load test [load]
  /Users/aaronbuchwald/go/src/github.com/ava-labs/subnet-evm/tests/load/load_test.go:50
------------------------------

Ran 0 of 1 Specs in 0.000 seconds
SUCCESS! -- 0 Passed | 0 Failed | 0 Pending | 1 Skipped
PASS
```

Looks like the tests are passing!

### Step 9: Running a Local Network

We made it! Everything works in our ginkgo tests, and now we want to spin up a local network
with the Hello World precompile activated.

> 

Reviewer: Why did we remove this? Most people who make a mistake in the tutorial forgot a crucial component. It's nice to have a note helping them troubleshoot.

Author: Ah my bad, will add this back 👍

Start the server in a terminal in a new tab using avalanche-network-runner. Please check out

> [this link](https://docs.avax.network/subnets/network-runner) for more information on Avalanche

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
[this link](./network-runner.md) for more information on Avalanche
```
Use relative link when possible.

  --number-of-nodes=5 \
  --avalanchego-path ${AVALANCHEGO_EXEC_PATH} \
  --plugin-dir ${AVALANCHEGO_PLUGIN_PATH} \
  --blockchain-specs '[{"vm_name": "subnetevm", "genesis": "./tests/precompile/genesis/hello_world.json"}]'
```

We can look at the server terminal tab and see it booting up the local network.
If the network startup is successful then you should see something like this:

```bash
[blockchain RPC for "srEXiWaHuhNyGwPUi444Tu47ZEDwxTWrbQiuD7FmgSAQ6X7Dy"] "http://127.0.0.1:9650/ext/bc/2jDWMrF9yKK8gZfJaaaSfACKeMasiNgHmuZip5mWxUfhKaYoEU"
[blockchain RPC for "srEXiWaHuhNyGwPUi444Tu47ZEDwxTWrbQiuD7FmgSAQ6X7Dy"] "http://127.0.0.1:9652/ext/bc/2jDWMrF9yKK8gZfJaaaSfACKeMasiNgHmuZip5mWxUfhKaYoEU"
[blockchain RPC for "srEXiWaHuhNyGwPUi444Tu47ZEDwxTWrbQiuD7FmgSAQ6X7Dy"] "http://127.0.0.1:9654/ext/bc/2jDWMrF9yKK8gZfJaaaSfACKeMasiNgHmuZip5mWxUfhKaYoEU"
[blockchain RPC for "srEXiWaHuhNyGwPUi444Tu47ZEDwxTWrbQiuD7FmgSAQ6X7Dy"] "http://127.0.0.1:9656/ext/bc/2jDWMrF9yKK8gZfJaaaSfACKeMasiNgHmuZip5mWxUfhKaYoEU"
[blockchain RPC for "srEXiWaHuhNyGwPUi444Tu47ZEDwxTWrbQiuD7FmgSAQ6X7Dy"] "http://127.0.0.1:9658/ext/bc/2jDWMrF9yKK8gZfJaaaSfACKeMasiNgHmuZip5mWxUfhKaYoEU"
```

> 

Reviewer: Would it be useful to explain how we could use the rpc URLs to interact with the precompile. Not saying we need a remix tutorial, but maybe ideas on what they can do with this or a link to the metamask article we have published.

Author: Yup good idea, I'll add this back

	// ADD YOUR PRECOMPILE HERE
	/*
		ginkgo.It("your precompile", ginkgo.Label("Precompile"), ginkgo.Label("YourPrecompile"), func() {
			ctx, cancel := context.WithTimeout(context.Background(), time.Minute)
			defer cancel()

			// Specify the name shared by the genesis file in ./tests/precompile/genesis/{your_precompile}.json
			// and the test file in ./contract-examples/tests/{your_precompile}.ts
			utils.ExecuteHardHatTestOnNewBlockchain(ctx, "your_precompile")
		})
	*/
```

You should copy and paste the ginkgo `It` node and update from `{your_precompile}` to `hello_world`. The string passed in to `utils.ExecuteHardHatTestsOnNewBlockchain(ctx, "your_precompile")` will be used to find both the HardHat test file to execute and the genesis file, which is why you need to use the same name for both.

After modifying the `It` node, it should look like the following (you can copy and paste this directly if you prefer):

```go
	ginkgo.It("hello world", ginkgo.Label("Precompile"), ginkgo.Label("HelloWorld"), func() {
		ctx, cancel := context.WithTimeout(context.Background(), time.Minute)
		defer cancel()

		utils.ExecuteHardHatTestOnNewBlockchain(ctx, "hello_world")
	})
```

> Now that we've set up the new ginkgo test, we can run the ginkgo test that we want by using the `GINKGO_LABEL_FILTER`. This enviroment variable is passed as a flag to ginkgo in `./scripts/run_ginkgo.sh` and restricts what tests will run to only the tests with a matching label.

Reviewer 2: The line length is too large here. Break across multiple lines.

To run ONLY the HelloWorld precompile test, run the command:

```bash
cd $GOPATH/src/github.com/ava-labs/subnet-evm
GINKGO_LABEL_FILTER=hello-world ./scripts/run_ginkgo.sh
```

You should be able to see the output of your HardHat test in the output like so:

```

> TODO

Author: add bash and fill in the output from this
